Quicks, thank you very much.
Today we are with Quique Corral, who
is one of my partners, one of the
co-founders of The Power MBA and
is the craftsman of, among other
things, the capture strategy in
social media.
That by the way, what we are
doing has become and puts us as
an example in many places and
more.
What I want us to do today is
that Quique teaches us
how platforms work.
The platforms are Facebook, Twitter,
LinkedIn and so on.
And we will do it with Facebook,
which is the largest and the
others work similarly, but I want
us to see how they work, that
is, that you view the
platform, how an ad is placed
and more.
And what we're going to do
is share the screen, but before I
would like to talk about something
a little more strategic and it's
when we put a campaign on social
media there's always an objective.
Let's say that is the first part.
What are the objectives?
Well, unlike the advantages
that social networks have among
other channels, such as putting
an ad on television, it is
that you can accompany
and create goals accompanying
all the hunger.
You create an objective within the platform
that you associate with that objective,
you associate a metric with it, and
the platform optimizes that metric.
This is done for every campaign.
for every campaign.
You create campaigns based on your
goals and based on your goals you
create, that is, optimize
them to those metrics.
Then, for example, awareness,
that you can create brand
awareness campaigns, reach,
video viewing, etc.
So the more videos people see,
the better, because it optimizes
the viewing of videos.
This first goal, awareness,
or awareness branding, this is basically,
the goal of the campaign is not,
you are not thinking so much
about conversion, you are not thinking
about visits, you are not thinking
about traffic, your strategic
goal is to get to know you.
and yes.
That can be for, well, because
usually the big companies do that
what they want is, because imagine
Coca-Cola on Facebook, because
what they want is to be present
in the mind of the customer.
Then you have other types of
goals, such as traffic, generating
traffic on your website, because
the platform will optimize
for people to get to your
website.
Conversion, conversion to lead,
that is, that people can get to
leave the data or even to sell.
That would be the objectives, roughly,
of prospecting, that is, of generation,
but you can also create remarketing
goals, that is, of people who have
already been impacted, people
who have already entered your web
or even left the data, but you
want to re-impact
them, because so that they
either leave the data or buy.
and yes.